[Doc Update] Document preview support for pinning apps as Viva Dashboard Cards (#10448)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/resources/schema/manifest-schema-dev-preview.md

|`PageId`| String | |  | Maps to the `EntityId` of the static tab. |
|`SubPageId`| String | |  | Maps to the `SubEntityId` of the static tab. |

## dashboardCards

**Optional** &ndash; Array

> Defines a list of cards that can be pinned to a dashboard, such as Microsoft Viva Connections, to provide a summarized view of app information. To learn more about creating cards for Viva Connections Dashboard, see [Overview of Bot Powered Adaptive Card Extensions](/sharepoint/dev/spfx/viva/bot-powered/overview-bot-powered-aces).
> 
> This item is an array of `dashboardCard` elements of type `object`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines a list of cards that can be pinned to a dashboard, such as Microsoft Viva Connections, to provide a summarized view of app information. For more information on creating cards for Viva Connections Dashboard, see [overview of Bot Powered Adaptive Card Extensions](/sharepoint/dev/spfx/viva/bot-powered/overview-bot-powered-aces).

The `dashboardCards` property is an array of elements of the type `object`.
```

### dashboardCards.dashboardCard

Defines a single dashboard card and its properties.

|Name| Type| Maximum size | Required | Description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|`id`| String | | ✔️ |  A unique identifier for this dashboard card. ID must be a GUID. |
|`displayName`| String | 255 characters | ✔️ | Display name of the card.|
|`description`| String | 255 characters | ✔️ | Description of the card.|

> |`pickerGroupId`| String | | ✔️ | ID of the group in the card picker. ID must be a GUID.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`pickerGroupId`| String | | ✔️ | ID of the group in the card picker. The ID must be a GUID. |
```

> |`icon`| Object | | | Specifies icon for the card. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`icon`| Object | | | Specifies the icon for the card. |
```

|`contentSource`| Object | | ✔️ | Specifies the source of the card's content |
|`defaultSize`| String | | ✔️ | Rendering size for the dashboard card. Options: `medium` or `large`. |

### dashboardCards.dashboardCard.icon

Defines the icon properties of a given dashboard card.

|Name| Type| Maximum size | Required | Description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|`iconUrl`| String | 2048 characters | | Location of the icon for the card, to be displayed in the toolbox and card bar. |

> |`officeUIFabricIconName`| String | 255 characters | | Office UI Fabric or Fluent UI icon friendly name for the card. This value is used if *iconUrl* is not specified. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion```
|`officeUIFabricIconName`| String | 255 characters | | Office UI Fabric or Fluent UI icon friendly name for the card. This value is used if `iconUrl` is not specified. |
```

### dashboardCards.dashboardCard.contentSource

Defines the content source of a given dashboard card.

|Name| Type| Maximum size | Required | Description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|`sourceType`| String | | | Represents the source of a card's content. Options: `bot`.

> |`botConfiguration`| Object | | | The configuration for the bot source. Required if the *sourceType* is set to `bot`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`botConfiguration`| Object | | | The configuration for the bot source. Required if the `sourceType` is set to `bot`. |
```
